now we are for another treat because
Allah is good to show us how to make a
main South Indian dish right this is
called as purple chicken pepper chicken
well let me guess pepper because smooth
and I'm hopping over yes oh my god and
it spicy I see it is today let's go for
spicy so what are we going to do for the
Messiah
masala is the mixture of the spider yes
and we had to grind it we had granted
yes because in India you use whole
spices yes yes because it loses the
aroma after making it folder and kept
for many days okay so you really want to
use the fresh fish - no let's grind them
right before cooking mousses wait okay
let's do that now let's start with the
spices so we have a lot of spices here
poppy seed or pcs one two three four
okay
tray make that one spoon of turmeric for
the color get two or three cloves loves
okay green cardamom nice uh-huh and here
put the four to five cinnamon oh man
treacherous mess so good kiss line one
two three three and then you have to use
this one one this is an ace I never used
this before is this popular in India yes
you just want me only oh really
it looks like a flower yes okay we put a
whole one yes okay mace it is and then
you have to put paper okay so if it's
called Africa but chicken and there we
add more pepper okay let's put a lot of
pepper one
I 203 yay boom get a bottle of water
this is going to be fine really fine oh
my god and six you know oh you know
there will be fire in the house look
okay then what do we do we need some
onions right yes you have to cut the
onion okay okay the onion you cut it and
put it in this one
you see here we have all our spices we
have the onion and we're grinding
everything into a smooth consistency
very smooth do we need to add a little
bit of water water
first you brain it as it is and then
when it is needed we will put little bit
of away for first year to make it a
quarter powder
oh yeah so see it's grinding into a nice
paste
sucker paste yes now you can add little
if you water awesome
you're disputed mix it mix like this you
know can't make it seems like new
tablespoons of water huh
so check this out I'm a masala oh man
all smooth and creamy
looks like best oh you know it's not
it's not a specialist yeah um okay so
now we just marinate the chicken yes you
have to put the chicken in a bowl here
comes the taste this looks amazing
YUM hmm again okay know your course
so now where do we add the garlic paste
okay now we add the net piece okay if
you don't have it don't worry about it
take fresh ginger take fresh garlic
grind until it's a paste and then add
them salt also for it I'll cut off your
taste okay mmm smells wonderful so then
we marinate it for like 30 minutes
yes okay let's marinate and get back to
you
so I guess now we're that we're cooking
the chicken we need to prepare the
vegetable yes be in a smaller pieces and
two in round of pieces ah you have
different texture like your small and
big okay
oh and the other one you're like you
have to make it twice it three straws
are chopped and choose slice
okay so here are our onions chop and
slide now make 2 chilies
they have to google chilies now you
start cutting Tomatoes how many say we
need a lot of tomatoes yes it will
become less spicy
okay now you have to put the coriander
leaves and this may include for
garnishing Wow
so cilantro I mean I see you guys call
it coriander yes
so the mints you just remove them from
this stem you don't have to chop them so
that's easy
hmm sounds like Morocco at this point
because you know in Morocco we drink a
lot of mint tea so now we finished
marinating the chicken yay here so we
cook it this take boil it's vegetable
oil right yes this equipment is oh wow
you call it a Shira right that's zero so
we cook it for like few minutes know if
you come here appropriately make a sound
then is done we'll put the chilies to
sillies to green chillies yay
oh man that's going to be spicy
so the chaplain is so the onions will
become Brown and then we move to the
next you'll see a bigot so you keep you
have to keep going like this otherwise
it will become black okay
now I'll put the tomatoes okay
so yeah we mix the tomatoes and the
onions and the tomatoes have to become
soft and then we'll get in there this is
actually easy just not difficult I
really thought Indian food was difficult
but I know it's good now we will put the
chicken with the listen okay now we'll
use the marinated chicken
slices of onions in
so we add the water we add the mint we
lower the heat and then we close it
twenty minutes you will cook and then
we'll be ready to taste it okay we cook
this for like 20 minutes 20 to 30
minutes and you can see the sauce is a
much thicker and yes with your spoon if
you try to cut a piece of chicken take
it out and it should cut very easily and
that's how you know the chicken is ready
this is for garnishing are we able to
put it in this one it gives it good
aroma Wow
cilantro yes that's a lot of cement oh
but I must lemon you can just make it
oh you mix it yes good
hmm cilantro smells amazing yes
two minutes cooking cilantro with the
color which is obtained and listen I'm
just about to eat this thing no no no
enters here but it's good to be much
better with that
so I wanted to show these beautiful
Indian vessels they're amazing they're
like would you come double copper or
double so there's like copper and silver
or whatever but I just want them when
you go to Indian restaurants they use
them and we're going to use that to
serve our own chicken
okay check this out
YUM so I got my full cup and I got my
spoon and if you want to know how to
make this just check out the Polka video
because it's bus and it's really nice
easily made so I take a basis oh man
it's got to be I see YUM
okay check this out ah smells amazing
mmm mmm it's chrome and the pepper oh
you can feel the pepper so just get some
water with it and then look at this
chicken it just falls from the bone if I
just shake it a little bit you get the
chicken out and that piece is mine now
mmm I'm not this is mijin this mmm I
love it
you guys have to try this and on this
but I pity
you